
Employees typically work five days/two times a week for eight hours each day.
1. 正常地 typically/normally/usually
2. 表频率用法 five days a week/two times a week/eight hours each day 
3. 固定搭配 work five days a week <=> work a five-day week/workweek
4. for用法 a. 为了
          b. 时间长度 for eight hours each day
	     特定时间点 I have invited them for 9:00.
	  c. 路程长度 We walked for miles.
	     特定地点 The train for XX.

The mandatory policy of working a four-day workweek for four-fifths of their normal pay would benefit the
economy as a whole as well as the individual companies and the employees who decided to take the policy.
1. 百分之八十 four-fifths/
2. 固定搭配 the economy as a whole
           the individual companies
3. 强制执行的 mandatory(the law syas it must be done)

Employees would feel more rested and alert, and as a result, they would make fewer costly errors in their
work and have fewer overworked and error-prone employees. 
1. 放松的 rested(have time to relex)/relex
2. alert a. 警觉的(pay attention)
         b. 清晰的(think clearty)
3. 所以 as a result 
4. 昂贵的 costly
5. overworked 工作过度的
   overtime 加班
6. error-prone 易犯错误的
   prone a. 易犯错误的(likely to do sth bad)
         b. 俯卧的

Hiring more staff to ensure that the same amount of work would be accomplished would not result in additional
payroll costs.
1. 导致 result in
2. 工资总支出 payroll

For the country as a whole, one of the primary benefits of offering this option to employees is that it would
reduce umemployment rates.
1. 对于国家整体来说

The option of a four-day workweek would be better for individual employees who could afford a lower salary
in exchange for more free time by spending the extra time with their families, pursuing private interests, or
enjoying leisure activities.
1. leisure 闲暇的(time when you can relex and do thins you enjoy)

Adding new workers means putting much more money into providing training and medical benefits. It will cut
into company profits forcing companies to spend more.
1. 医疗保险 medical benefits

Companies have other options. They might just choose to ask their employees to work overtime to make up the
difference.

Companies might raise expectations. They might start to expect that their four-day employees can do the same
amount of work they used to do in five days. If this happens, then no additional jobs will be careated and
current jobs will become more unpleasant.

While a four-day workweek offers emploess more free time to invest in their personal lives, it also presents
some risks that could end up reducing their quality of life.
1. 投资invest 发明invent
2. present a. 出席
           b. remember for a long time
           c. existing now

Working a shorter week can decrease employees' job stability during an economic downturn and harm their
chances for adcancing their carrers. They may be pased over for promotions for ensuring continuous coverage
and consistent supervision for the entire workweek.
1. promotion a. 晋升
             b. 促销

..., as I argued a moment ago.
... in the ways the readingsuggets.